feat(custom gw url): minor fix in the README PE-2043 (#623)
ardriveapp/ardrive-web: README.md

With the web app opened you can access the browser's JavaScript console to run the follow examples:

```js

> // To set the item. Note that the value is wrapped in double quotes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// To set the item. Note that the custom gateway value MUST be wrapped in double quotes
```
